Initialize app (#1)
giantswarm/csi-external-snapshotter-app: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/csi-external-snapshotter-app.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/giantswarm/csi-external-snapshotter-app)

# CSI External Snapshotter

> To be able to create volume snapshots with Cinder CSI, we need to install CRDs and snapshot controller. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to create volume snapshots with any CSI, we need to install CRDs and a snapshot controller. See
```
Let's make it generic
